Update release notes with upgrade issues (#775)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.11.asciidoc

Review important information about {fleet-server} and {agent} for the 8.11.3 release.

[discrete]
[[known-issues-8.11.3]]
=== Known issues

[[known-issue-169825-8.11.3]]
.Current stack version is not in the list of {agent} versions in {kib} {fleet} UI
[%collapsible]
====

*Details*

On the {fleet} UI in {kib}:

* When adding a new {agent}, the user interface shows a previous version instead of the current version.

> * When attempting to upgrade, the modal window to pick the version shows an earlier version as the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you attempt an upgrade, the modal window shows an earlier version as the latest version.
```

*Impact* +

You can use the following steps as a workaround:

> *When upgrading {agent} currently on versions 8.10.3 or lower (simpler)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*When upgrading {agent} currently on versions 8.10.3 or earlier (simpler)*
```

. Open the {fleet} UI. Under the *Agents* tab select *Upgrade agent* from the actions menu. The version field in the *Upgrade agent* UI allows you to enter any version.

> . Enter `8.11.0` or whichever version you want to upgrade the [agents] to. Do not choose a version above the version of {kib} or {fleet-server} that you're running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter `8.11.0` or whichever version you want to upgrade the {agents} to. Do not choose a version later than the version of {kib} or {fleet-server} that you're running.
```

IMPORTANT: The memory leak <<known-issue-115-8.11.1,known issue>> that affects Windows users running {agent} is resolved in this release. If you're currently on {agent} version 8.11.0 or 8.11.1, we strongly recommend upgrading to 8.11.2 or a later release to avoid the issue. If you're on an earlier version, avoid upgrading to version 8.11.0 or 8.11.1 and update directly to version 8.11.2 or later.

[discrete]
[[known-issues-8.11.2]]
=== Known issues

[[known-issue-169826-8.11.2]]

> .Triggering {agent} upgrades from {kib} {fleet} UI in an air-gapped environement will fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Triggering {agent} upgrades from {kib} {fleet} UI in an air-gapped environment will fail
```

[%collapsible]
====

*Details*

> When attempting to upgrade an {agent}, {kib} tries to access (https://www.elastic.co/api/product_versions)[available versions]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When attempting to upgrade an {agent}, {kib} tries to access https://www.elastic.co/api/product_versions.  
```

Reviewer: The results of this link won't be particularly helpful to a user, so I'm proposing that we reverse my comment.

> When attempting to upgrade an {agent}, {kib} is trying to access https://www.elastic.co/api/product_versions to check the latest version available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When attempting to upgrade an {agent}, {kib} tries to access (https://www.elastic.co/api/product_versions)[available versions]. 
```

Reviewer: This link format performs better on SEO than inline text.

In an air-gapped environment, this call will be blocked and the upgrade flow will therefore be blocked too.

> An upgrade for {kib} to version 8.11.3 is necessary to solve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade {kib} to version 8.11.3 to solve the issue.
```
